---
title: Widgets
date: 2023-06-29 20:55:00 +0800
categories: [pages/features, widgets, features]
tags: [who is listening, documents, map, video, subscribe, EA Process ]
pin: true
---

## Add images

After a Superuser creates an engagement, Superusers and Team Members can add widgets to display on the engagement page. 

- To add a widget to your engagement, click the *Add Widget* button on the top right corner of the Engagement Detail page. 

- You can add one, or many widgets to an engagement.  

- You can edit the display name of each widget. E.g. the Video widget could be renamed to “Overview of the project”.

**Add image of the engagement details page highlighting the Add widget section**

Here is the list of available widgets. Click on the names of the widgets below to learn more about that specific widget. 

1. [Who is Listening](/met-guide/posts/whos-listening-widget/)

- Add contact(s) to your engagement

**Add image who is listening public side**

3. [Documents](/met-guide/posts/documents-widget/)

**Add image Documents public side**

- Upload or link to important documents

- Documents can be renamed and organized in folders 

3. [Environmental Assessment Process](/met-guide/posts/EA-process-widget/)

**Add image EA Process public side**

- Add the EA (Environmental Assessment) Process interactive graphic to the engagement with a marker to indicate the current phase.  

4. [Sign up for Updates](/met-guide/posts/updates-widget/)

**Add image sign up for updates public side**

- Offers members of the public the chance to sign up for updates for a specific project, or all projects at the EAO (Environmental Assessment Office)

- Link to a pre-defined form such as the Community Advisory Committee registration form

5. [Events](/met-guide/posts/events-widget/)

**Add image events public side**

- Add information about in-person and virtual events

6. [Map](/met-guide/posts/map-widget/)
   
**Add image map public side**

- Add a map to the engagement to display the location of the project 

- Locations can be defined by uploading a shape file or by latitude/longitude coordinates

7. [Video](/met-guide/posts/video-widget/)

**Add image video public side**

- Add a link to a hosted video (YouTube or Vimeo)  

- The video will show a preview and can be watched directly from the engagement page
